MINIMAL PHONE — COMPLETE BETA 2.0 REBUILD

WHAT THIS PACKAGE CONTAINS

Replace or add these nine files in your minimalphone.py project folder:

1. index.html
2. style.css
3. script.js
4. manifest.webmanifest
5. service-worker.js
6. icon.svg
7. apple-touch-icon.png
8. icon-192.png
9. icon-512.png

Do not copy START-HERE.txt into the public project unless you want it there.

WHAT THE REBUILD INCLUDES

- Installable black-and-white iPhone PWA
- Private local-only storage
- Text-first customizable app launcher
- Starter apps for Calls, Messages, WhatsApp, Maps, Music, ChatGPT, and YouTube
- Five-second intentional pause that can be enabled per app
- One daily intention
- Up to ten active tasks
- Accurate 25, 5, 50, or custom-minute focus timer
- User name, 12/24-hour clock, seconds, and accent settings
- Add, edit, reorder, and remove up to twelve essential apps
- JSON backup, restore, and full local reset
- Offline service worker
- iPhone Home Screen icons
- Strict content-security policy and no analytics

PREVIEW ON THE LAPTOP

From the VS Code terminal inside the project folder, run:

python3 -m http.server 8000

Then open:

http://localhost:8000

Press Ctrl+C in the terminal when you want to stop the preview server.

PUBLISH TO GITHUB

Run these commands one at a time:

git status
git add .
git commit -m "Rebuild Minimal as an intentional iPhone launcher"
git pull --rebase origin main
git push

Your existing GitHub Pages address remains:

https://sidhu-builds.github.io/minimalphone.py/

IPHONE REFRESH

After GitHub Pages updates:

1. Remove the old Minimal icon from the iPhone Home Screen. This does not delete the website.
2. Open the live address in Safari.
3. Refresh once.
4. Tap Share, then Add to Home Screen, then Add.
5. Open Minimal once while online so its offline files can be cached.

OPENING APPS

HTTPS links often hand off to the installed app automatically. Apple system links such as sms: and tel: are also supported.

For an app that does not open reliably, create an iPhone Shortcut:

1. Open Shortcuts and create a shortcut called Open Spotify.
2. Add the Open App action and select Spotify.
3. In Minimal Setup, add Spotify with this link:

shortcuts://run-shortcut?name=Open%20Spotify

Replace Spotify in both places with the exact app name you need.

DATA NOTE

Beta 2.0 uses a new local data structure, so the old beta's priority and tasks are not automatically copied. New data stays only on the device/browser where it was entered. Use Export backup inside Setup before clearing Safari website data or changing phones.
